add component for filtering metadata (#3)
ml6team/fondant-cc-demo: examples/pipelines/starcoder/components/filter_metadata/README.md

## Metadata filtering

> This component filters the "stack" based on a set of features. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This component filters code based on a set of features. 
```
Components are general right?
